Webhook global parameter description (#2175)
FusionAuth/fusionauth-site: site/docs/v1/tech/apis/_webhook-request-body.adoc

[field]#webhook.global# [type]#[Boolean]# [optional]#Optional# [default]#defaults to `false`#::

> Whether or not this Webhook is used for all events or just for specific Applications. In almost all cases you want to set this field to `true` and filter on the application Id when processing the webhook.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Whether or not this Webhook is used for all Tenants or just for specific Tenants.
```

+

> [since]#Since 1.37.0#

Author: Is there a better way to phrase or format this?

I was thinking it would be better to say that it's for Tenants and then make the note say that prior to version 1.37.0 it was for Applications, but I didn't see other cases where we did that.

> [since]#Since 1.37.0#

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[since]#Before 1.37.0#
+ 
Whether or not this Webhook is used for all events or just for specific Applications. In almost all cases you want to set this field to `true` and filter on the application Id when processing the webhook.
```

> This field controls whether this Webhook is used for all events or just for specific _Tenants_ rather than Applications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
